Magalie Marcellus: Good do
Britt phone: You
Magalie Marcellus: Have
Magalie Marcellus: For your assessment.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, yes. It may take up to 45 minutes, just so you know.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. And so a lot of it is a little bit of the background history.
Magalie Marcellus: Treatment. Okay.
Britt phone: You have kids hanging out. So there's a if I had to pause for a minute.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: What could that no problem. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: That's fair last name for me.
Britt phone: Be a fit, etc.
Britt phone: 1126
Magalie Marcellus: And everything will discuss is confidential. The only
Magalie Marcellus: Issue with any type of confidentiality is this concerned for your safety or somebody else, then we have to take actions and I we God's. Okay. All right. So just going back a little bit. How long you been with the program.
Britt phone: Only a few weeks.
Magalie Marcellus: A few weeks. Okay, and what brought you to our program.
Britt phone: Well, uh, my cousin told me about it.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: You mentioned you only been there was a previous program prior to this one.
Britt phone: Well, sort of.
Magalie Marcellus: So what was the previous program your ads.
Britt phone: What do you need, what kind of program every chapter now.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: For our program in terms of any SAP substance treatment. Were you in a program before you started with us. So what was going on prior
Britt phone: Well, yeah, I've done it before. Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So what triggered you to start this program now.
Britt phone: Um, well, I don't know. I don't really know if anything triggered it. Oh, I had, I had relapsed
Britt phone: March. That's really what it happened.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. In March this year.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And how, for how long were you clean prior to that we laughs
Britt phone: 18 months.
Magalie Marcellus: And was a drug of choice.
Britt phone: Well, it would cocaine, but I find you here.
Magalie Marcellus: So the last, the last. Was it the cocaine or heroin.
You're in
Magalie Marcellus: And for how long were you using those substance.
Magalie Marcellus: Altogether.
Britt phone: Oh no, they will be month all together.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. So how old were you when you started with any type of substance.
Britt phone: Well, I started drinking alcohol when I was 15 and I didn't do it for very long, and then became a cocaine addict and I was like 24
Magalie Marcellus: And how long that lasts and with the cocaine.
Britt phone: Well, about three months, but on and off for a couple years, but it was a bad for about three months.
Britt phone: I can't find my headphone
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Are you looking
Britt phone: Yeah, I'll be
Magalie Marcellus: Have this little one around.
Britt phone: Yeah. Well, she they're running around, but it's not really that be video
Magalie Marcellus: You want you to be in a confidential area.
Well,
Magalie Marcellus: See a lot of movement. Are you looking at, are you gonna send someone
Britt phone: I don't sit down, very much.
Magalie Marcellus: You don't
Ok now.
Magalie Marcellus: Let's channel.
Magalie Marcellus: So you stayed around. Ah, wonderful. So I was going on. Then when you started using
Britt phone: I mean, I don't really know. My daughter was born with cleft and he's just an excuse. A Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Was anybody else around you're using
Britt phone: My ex. Yes. Her dad. My daughter's Nadia
Magalie Marcellus: And have you tried to stop on your own.
Britt phone: Yes, I stopped for about four years.
Magalie Marcellus: On your own
Britt phone: I was in trouble, but
Britt phone: I wanted
Magalie Marcellus: By in trouble. What do you mean
Britt phone: Yeah sure what the law.
Magalie Marcellus: With the law.
Magalie Marcellus: in custody. Yes.
Britt phone: Well, one point or another. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, we'll come to that.
Magalie Marcellus: Was some though withdrawal symptoms that you experience.
Britt phone: I didn't really have any that time.
Magalie Marcellus: At the words while I was on the withdrawal symptoms.
Britt phone: Are the worst about myself in here.
Magalie Marcellus: You say,
Britt phone: Yeah, legs, terrible, terrible cravings mean
Britt phone: Yeah, all of us.
Magalie Marcellus: Seizures
Magalie Marcellus: Overdose
Britt phone: Know,
Magalie Marcellus: How much were you using
Britt phone: Of cocaine.
Britt phone: I don't know.
Britt phone: A ball every couple days is that
Britt phone: Maybe more. I don't know. Give her day
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And did you notice that you had a tolerance.
Magalie Marcellus: But a substance.
Magalie Marcellus: No tolerance.
Magalie Marcellus: The screen is Frozen Four minutes
Magalie Marcellus: Hello.
Hello.
Britt phone: Hello. Hi.
Britt phone: Hi, you
Magalie Marcellus: Froze for a minute. Then it disappear altogether.
Britt phone: Yeah.
Britt phone: We're back. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, I was saying about tolerance. Did you notice that you build up a tolerance when it was severe
Britt phone: Yeah. Yes, absolutely.
Britt phone: Here they are.
Magalie Marcellus: They find a magical
Magalie Marcellus: Now you frozen again.
Britt phone: I hear you.
Magalie Marcellus: But I can't hear you. It's frozen.
Magalie Marcellus: I can hear you.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, you're frozen on your end, if you want to can turn off the video for a little bit and they can try it again.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I was gonna say in here.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, okay.
Britt phone: Can you hear me.
Britt phone: Yeah, I hear you me see if I walk closer to the Wi Fi.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, you can hear me then.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, okay. That's better. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. Is it always some issue with your connection or is it just one enough
Britt phone: I don't know. I've had a lot of problems with zoom, but
Britt phone: I never really noticed
Magalie Marcellus: Over the past, I'll say the past, since the last relapse where you dissatisfied with your substance use.
Britt phone: Dissatisfied now and I'm
Britt phone: You know I'm satisfied.
Britt phone: Guys.
Britt phone: Please don't tear stuff up.
Magalie Marcellus: And did it affect any of your work home or social life.
Britt phone: Well, I went to prison. So, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: In the recent recently.
Britt phone: Oh, no.
Britt phone: No. Okay. I mean, I just didn't wanna I didn't want. I knew where it was going. You know what I mean.
Britt phone: So I stopped the night. That's why I got under this program.
Britt phone: Because I knew where we were to go
Before
Britt phone: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So what was going on back in March.
Britt phone: I don't know. Well, I was in a lot of pain. I've diabetic neuropathy and I was in severe pain.
Magalie Marcellus: And are you on any William pain medication for their
Britt phone: Well, yes, I was on subjects. That's why I switched into bright heart because that's what I needed. I knew I needed some subjects and I went to a regular job and they give me give a pink with it.
Magalie Marcellus: OK.
Magalie Marcellus: So the subtext was from a regular doctor
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So were you ever in a formal treatment programs are some abuse program.
Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: How long ago was that
Britt phone: Well, I graduated I didn't I op finished it in November of 2019 so three months I up
Britt phone: The six month program. Gosh, so when I started July June or July June.
Magalie Marcellus: 6018
Britt phone: Yeah, was fine. It was like five and a half. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, you referred by
Magalie Marcellus: Facility by someone or was it something
Britt phone: Was in I was in prison. So I just decided I was gonna go
Magalie Marcellus: Ahead and do it.
Magalie Marcellus: So, how long were you in prison for
Britt phone: 10 months.
Magalie Marcellus: That was
Britt phone: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: And prior to that.
Britt phone: Good.
Britt phone: Sorry.
Magalie Marcellus: About that. Okay. Prior to that. Were you ever in prison.
Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: How many times
Magalie Marcellus: Year was the first time.
Britt phone: When or what
Magalie Marcellus: When was the first time.
Britt phone: 2013
Magalie Marcellus: And how long was that
Britt phone: Two years.
Britt phone: So are you recording this, or am I recording this.
Magalie Marcellus: It's on my end.
Britt phone: Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Support people in your life.
Britt phone: My parents
Magalie Marcellus: Everybody else
Britt phone: My child said supportive, for sure.
Britt phone: She's eight
Magalie Marcellus: So who do you live with.
Britt phone: My parents
Magalie Marcellus: And your daughter.
Magalie Marcellus: And my daughter anybody else.
Britt phone: My grandfather
Britt phone: He's 85
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, wow. So, how you guys doing with the hole in them and going around.
Britt phone: Well, I was working in, and then
Britt phone: Then they made the wine. I'm in Ohio. The put a stay at home order. So we're kind of just hanging out at home. You know what else can you really do.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. So your job, a close temporarily where you let go.
Britt phone: Now temporarily
Magalie Marcellus: All kind of work where you don't want
Britt phone: I was working at a grill.
Britt phone: make good money though I liked it.
Magalie Marcellus: How long were you working there.
Britt phone: She let
Britt phone: Three. Three. But
Magalie Marcellus: Come on.
Magalie Marcellus: What are
My feet.
Magalie Marcellus: Wow.
Britt phone: My parents on a distillery in a bar and I've worked for them.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
Britt phone: Most of my life.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you have a lot of experience in
Magalie Marcellus: Restaurants and bars.
Britt phone: Yeah, some bars distilleries. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So was there any medical treatment that you receive any surgeries or being hospitalized for any reason.
Britt phone: Recently, yeah, I'm a type one diabetic.
Britt phone: I was in hospital last week and the ICU for UK
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, I'm sorry.
Magalie Marcellus: How long did they give you
Britt phone: Five days.
Magalie Marcellus: Wow. When did you come up. Come back.
Britt phone: Friday last Friday.
Magalie Marcellus: So, how you feeling
Britt phone: Okay, I haven't felt very great. But I'm okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Any other medical condition.
Britt phone: Yes, I'm a type one diabetic.
Magalie Marcellus: Why is that it
Britt phone: In diabetic neuropathy. Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, much
Magalie Marcellus: Surgeries or anything else medically
Britt phone: Had a C section in 2011
Magalie Marcellus: Any psychiatric hospitalization.
Britt phone: No.
Magalie Marcellus: Will you ever diagnosed with
Magalie Marcellus: Depression, anxiety, PTSD.
Britt phone: Color yes bipolar and anxiety.
Magalie Marcellus: Were you on any medication.
Britt phone: Yes, I was on. I've been on Adderall. My whole life has ADHD.
Britt phone: And yes, I was on Wellbutrin I tried different medicines, but that one was kind of the one I stuck with
Magalie Marcellus: Which one, the, I don't
Britt phone: Know the Wellbutrin
For the Bye bye.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, are you know Wellbutrin now.
Britt phone: No, I haven't. I don't have a primary care.
Magalie Marcellus: So right now, no medication. No.
Magalie Marcellus: Any history of
Magalie Marcellus: Suicidal thoughts or plan know
Magalie Marcellus: Any cutting or Satcom behavior.
Now,
Magalie Marcellus: And who raise you
Magalie Marcellus: Any other biological child.
Britt phone: Of my own now.
Magalie Marcellus: I only have one of you.
Magalie Marcellus: Say,
Magalie Marcellus: The biological child of your parents always any adoptions.
Britt phone: Now I'm the biological child.
Magalie Marcellus: So for your mom any history of mental health or substance.
Britt phone: Mental health. Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, the diagnosis.
Bipolar
Magalie Marcellus: Sean medication.
Britt phone: She is. But I have no idea what
Magalie Marcellus: And I'll just, okay, that's fine, and has a relationship with her.
Good.
Magalie Marcellus: And same question for you. Your father and his clothes.
Britt phone: Yes, he's bipolar.
Magalie Marcellus: Any substance.
No.
Magalie Marcellus: You know if he's on medication.
Britt phone: I he is, but I don't know what. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And has your relationship with him. Good.
Magalie Marcellus: And how's your pants relationship.
Good.
Britt phone: Married for 35 years
Magalie Marcellus: Oh wow, that's awesome.
Magalie Marcellus: And how many siblings do you have
Britt phone: To I have a younger brother and younger sister.
Magalie Marcellus: The age.
Britt phone: My brother's 3231. I mean, and my sister is 27
Britt phone: Think
Magalie Marcellus: They live on their own.
Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Any substance or mental health problem.
No.
Magalie Marcellus: Has no relationship with them.
Britt phone: Okay.
Britt phone: All right very normal, I guess.
Magalie Marcellus: You guys keep regular contact
Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: And what's your mental status.
Single
Magalie Marcellus: Nevermind.
Britt phone: Nevermind. Now,
Magalie Marcellus: And you mentioned your, your daughter was her father.
Britt phone: She we have joint custody.
Magalie Marcellus: Has a relationship with them.
Britt phone: Fine.
Britt phone: We're not together, but it's fine.
Magalie Marcellus: You say,
Magalie Marcellus: How often does he have your daughter.
Britt phone: We he has a three and a half days and I have a three and a half days.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so it's pretty much split
Magalie Marcellus: Does he live close by.
Britt phone: About 20 minutes. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And where did you grow up.
Britt phone: I grew up in Lexington.
Magalie Marcellus: And What town are you you live in LA.
Britt phone: Ontario, it's it's closer both suburbs of Mansfield
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And how is your childhood.
Magalie Marcellus: Pretty normal for the normal
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: How was school for you.
Britt phone: Fine, I did well.
Magalie Marcellus: How far did you get in school.
Britt phone: I graduated high school
Magalie Marcellus: Any college
Lots.
Magalie Marcellus: You say lots
Britt phone: 248 credit hours.
Magalie Marcellus: For college
Magalie Marcellus: Yep. Wow. In words.
Britt phone: Nursing mostly but I started in a couple of different things and change my majors.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. Any plan on going back
Nope.
Britt phone: Now I don't want you
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: What was the last time you went to school.
Britt phone: Well,
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Britt phone: Not really sure at the moment.
Britt phone: I don't really have one
Magalie Marcellus: A child was any history of abuse or neglect.
Know,
Magalie Marcellus: Any history of sexual abuse or sexual assault.
No.
Magalie Marcellus: In. Well, how would you describe your financial work. I know with everything going on right now. Prior to what happened, how was your financial status.
Fine.
Britt phone: I'm still ok ok
Magalie Marcellus: So these the work with Japan. So it's a separate job that you're doing.
Britt phone: Yeah, I still do.
Britt phone: But yes, it was a separate job before
Magalie Marcellus: And you see your daughter. That's the only child.
Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: What are your hobbies.
Britt phone: Crafts.
Britt phone: Okay, love to repurpose furniture.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, nice.
Britt phone: So I'm doing right now.
Magalie Marcellus: Cool. You selling yoga.
Britt phone: I do, yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Britt phone: He's right now. Good.
Magalie Marcellus: Where do you get your, your furniture. So the pieces that you repurpose
Britt phone: Mostly online.
Britt phone: Online. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: You don't do the free market in those
Britt phone: Places.
Britt phone: Good girl. Yeah, I did before. Yeah, before everything closed down.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, gotcha.
Magalie Marcellus: And tell me about your friends.
Britt phone: What friends.
Magalie Marcellus: In general, does that mean
Magalie Marcellus: Why your friends.
Britt phone: I don't really have any
Magalie Marcellus: Was it always like that.
Britt phone: That's been like that last couple years I really prefer it that way, really.
Magalie Marcellus: Any childhood friends.
Yes.
Britt phone: I've had lots of friends, but nothing. Nothing.
Magalie Marcellus: Anybody close from
Britt phone: Not recently. No.
Magalie Marcellus: So who do you spend time on
Britt phone: My kid and I, I have a boyfriend.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Alright, so just a little bit with discuss on the legal issues. So tell me, what were some of the
Magalie Marcellus: Top of charges you had
Britt phone: I had a legal assembly was my first charged and then my second one was possession
Magalie Marcellus: Hold on legal assembly. What does that mean,
Britt phone: Means I had chemicals in my house.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And that was back in 2013
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And possession. Was there anything else we says substance related charges.
Now,
Magalie Marcellus: And the last charges that you
Magalie Marcellus: Were in custody for what was it,
Magalie Marcellus: Possession possession
Magalie Marcellus: What what substance wasn't
Cocaine.
Magalie Marcellus: Um, do you have a driver's license.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes. Is it currently active
Magalie Marcellus: Yes. Okay, good.
Magalie Marcellus: You're driving
Yes.
Britt phone: Good.
Night.
Magalie Marcellus: Everything I needed.
Magalie Marcellus: And Tommy any smoking for you.
Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: My shoes smell.
Britt phone: Bad today.
Magalie Marcellus: When did you start
Britt phone: I was like 15
Britt phone: Or anything okay let's let's eating.
Britt phone: Okay, ask her what she wants. Okay, sorry.
Magalie Marcellus: Any plans of cutting back with this.
Magalie Marcellus: Will smoking.
Britt phone: Known as the moment
Magalie Marcellus: Alright, so what's right, not any probation or anything like that.
Britt phone: For the next two weeks. Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Britt phone: Pretty close.
Britt phone: And then I'm free.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: So what would be your short term goals right now.
Britt phone: Get back to work.
Magalie Marcellus: Anything specific to your recovery.
Britt phone: No.
Britt phone: I guess stay sober.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, that's important.
It's important.
Magalie Marcellus: So you doing homeschooling for your daughter.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: How's that going for you.
Britt phone: It's a little rough, but it's okay she's smart. So it's all right.
Magalie Marcellus: Migration
Britt phone: Third,
Magalie Marcellus: Eye. That's when they really started, get your grades.
Magalie Marcellus: That Asian
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Haha issue overall any concern with
Magalie Marcellus: Behavior was
No.
Britt phone: She's an angel.
Britt phone: Really is.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm happy to hear that.
Magalie Marcellus: Any problem which is sleeping.
Now,
Magalie Marcellus: any issue with cravings.
Britt phone: Yeah, Sam.
Magalie Marcellus: How long you been on the medication now.
Britt phone: Couple weeks, months, maybe I'm a little over a month.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Which group do 10
Britt phone: I haven't because I've worked. I've been working
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so, which one are you scheduled for
Britt phone: I'm not sure.
Magalie Marcellus: When was the last time you went to Google.
Britt phone: I haven't been with this company.
Britt phone: Because they only had it on
Britt phone: Yeah, they landed on Wednesdays and I've been working
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, gotcha.
Britt phone: So, but I have an appointment with Jill on Tuesday. And then I was in the ICU. So it was a problem.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so it's been some some stuff going on.
Britt phone: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: When initially your schedule for a Wednesday group.
Britt phone: Yeah, but I worked on went, yeah work. So she's changing it around for me. Oh.
Gotcha.
Magalie Marcellus: So what was going on with that hospitalization.
Britt phone: I got the flu and it went out of control. Like sometimes the diabetics. You can't always fix it yourself.
Britt phone: Mm hmm. So, so I got became severely dehydrated and I just needed to be in the hospital. I needed insulin and it's like a catch 22
Magalie Marcellus: All right, but you didn't get any of that virus or would they you
Britt phone: Know they tested me. I did not get it now.
Magalie Marcellus: Thank goodness for that.
Magalie Marcellus: So what you're doing. So keep yourself safe.
Britt phone: What am I going to keep myself safe.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Any questions for me or concerns.
Britt phone: No, I don't think so. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: I know you mentioned you know there's been some difficulty with you attend in the group. And I'm sure they probably have mentioned that to you that it's it's really important that you participate in group.
Magalie Marcellus: So I guess they'll work with you.
Magalie Marcellus: To get a schedule that works for us. So make sure you're able to come. Yeah, so check in, when you need to attend go
Magalie Marcellus: Very
Magalie Marcellus: Well,
Magalie Marcellus: For now, I'm not going to schedule. Any other appointment right now, but you will at some point I will be following up with you or if there's anything that's going on that you feel that we need to connect
Magalie Marcellus: Check in with the virtual clinic, then they'll let me know so I can schedule your end because obviously the primary tab is assigned to you. Okay.
Britt phone: Okay, okay.
Magalie Marcellus: But if nothing if everything's okay and
Magalie Marcellus: In a couple weeks. I will be scheduling, just to check in and see where we are. And if you need to update your plan. Okay.
Britt phone: Okay, okay.
Magalie Marcellus: All right, well, all the best to you and makes you be safe and secure. Hi.
Britt phone: All right. You too. Thank you. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: With me, I have a good one.
Britt phone: Okay, so are you gonna transfer me to them or do I need to leave the meeting and go to them.
Magalie Marcellus: And we need to disconnect altogether because there's no way to formula transfer
Britt phone: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, no problem. Take care.
Britt phone: You too. Bye bye.